Letzya patch 1 (#2)
TykTechnologies/tyk-schemas: JSON/README.md

# Example for usefull usage
To write in "Tyk language" and feel it's native to your IDE configure the settings in your IDE to use the JSON schemas in this repository

## VSCode

> Use Tyk vscode extention to enable VSCode to enforce Tyk JSON schema on verious JSON files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Tyk VSCode extension to enable VSCode to enforce Tyk JSON schema on various JSON files:
```

**VSCode installation**
Install [Tyk extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=TykTechnologiesLimited.tyk-schemas).

> For Tyk extension to validate the JSON schemas, make sure to create files with the follwoing name convenstions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Tyk extension to validate the JSON schemas, make sure to create files with the following name conventions:
```

   - Tyk API definition - use the format `"apidef.*.json"` or  `"TykDefinition-*.json"`. 
     - Example: `"apidef.httpbin.json"`
   - Tyk OAS API definition - use the format `"oasapidef.*.json"` or`"TykOasApiDef-*.json"`
     - Example `"apidef.httpbin.json"` 
   - Tyk key definition - use the format `"apikey.*.json"`
     - Example `"apikey.httpbin-key.json"`
   - Tyk gateway OSS config file - use the format `"tyk.*.conf"`
     - Example `"tyk.gateway.conf"`

## Goland

Follow [this guide](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/go/json.html#8ae73b55) to enforce the Tyk JSON schema validation.
In the **Schema file or URL** field, specify the **Raw version** URL of one of the Tyk schemas that you want. 

> For example, for "Tyk OAS APi definition" add the URL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-schemas/main/JSON/draft-04/schema_apidefoas.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for "Tyk OAS API Definition" add the URL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-schemas/main/JSON/draft-04/schema_apidefoas.json
```

> Example for setting JSON schema for "Tyk OAS APi definition":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example for setting JSON schema for "Tyk OAS API Definition":
```
